The worst part of online shopping is having to get up and get your credit card from your purse.
A man who correctly guesses a woman's age may be smart, but he's not very bright.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
People say, 'But Betty, Facebook is a great way to connect with old friends.' Well, at my age, if I want to connect with old friends I need a Ouija board.
I not only use all the brains I have, but all that I can borrow.
Arguing with a fool proves there are two.
Here's all you have to know about men and women: Women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.
He wasn't aware of it but when he smiled he looked like an amiable bear. When he didn't smile he didn't look amiable.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
Halloween is the beginning of the holiday shopping season. That's for women. The beginning of the holiday shopping season for men is Christmas Eve.
It was the day he learned that smart, witty girls were brighter than sunlight.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Actually being funny is mostly telling the truth about things.
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it's the same problem you had last year.
Never follow anyone else's path. Unless you're in the woods and you're lost and you see a path. Then by all means follow that path.
I'm an angel. The horns are only there to hold up the halo.
It's far better to be alone than in bad company.
When your mother asks, 'Do you want a piece of advice?' it is a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
My Mama says that alligators are ornery because they got all them teeth and no toothbrush.
As you get older, three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two.
I never feel more alone than when I'm trying to put sunscreen on my back.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
So just let me deal with it, I can be emotionally flawed and still love you all at the same time. I'm a great multitasker.
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.
Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no fibs.
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her.
I never resist temptation, because I have found that things that are bad for me do not tempt me.
I'm at a place in my life when errands are starting to count as going out.
I grew up with six brothers. That's how I learned to dance: waiting for the bathroom.
The world hates change yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
A woman can be sexy, charming, witty or shy with her shoes.
Insanity is hereditary; you get it from your children.
I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with 'em later.
Friends are like melons; shall I tell you why? To find a good one, you must one hundred try.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Though lust do masque in ne'er so strange disguise she's oft found witty, but is never wise.
My therapist says I'm afraid of success. I guess I could understand that, because after all, fulfilling my potential would really cut into my sitting-around time.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are.
Age is just a number. It's irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet to see who they really are.
My husband and I fell in love at first sight. Maybe I should have taken a second look.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Retirement must be wonderful. I mean, you can suck in your stomach for only so long.
You're going to fall down, but the world doesn't care how many times you fall down, as long as it's one fewer than the numbers of times you get back up.
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
I respect only those who resist me, but cannot tolerate them.
A word of kindness is seldom spoken in vain, while witty sayings are as easily lost as the pearls slipping from a broken string.
Think of something clever, witty or profound, keep it short and people may quote you.
Many a witty inspiration is like the surprising reunion of befriended thoughts after a long separation.
Generally speaking, there is more wit than talent in the world. Society swarms with witty people who lack talent.
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned; yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves.
When I'm in social situations, I always hold onto my glass. It makes me feel comfortable and secure and I don't have to shake hands.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer.
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Being funny, it turns out, is like being a bank. It's a confidence trick. As long as everyone believes in you, you are fine.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
The problem human beings face is not that we aim too high and fail, but that we aim too low and succeed.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
I am only human, although I regret it.
Courtship is to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.
The literal meaning of life is whatever you're doing that prevents you from killing yourself.
Marriage is like an unfunny, tense version of Everybody Loves Raymond, but it doesn't last 22 minutes. It lasts forever.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
I'm sure wherever my Dad is, he's looking down on us. He's not dead, just very condescending.
You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
I'm not good at the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
To be witty is not enough. One must possess sufficient wit to avoid having too much of it.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Every time something pops in my head, I think twice about it and I do it anyway.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Experience was something it was difficult to avoid, though many people had managed to keep it to a minimum.
Thanksgiving dinners take 18 hours to prepare. They are consumed in 12 minutes. Half-times take 12 minutes. This is not a coincidence.
As empty vessels make the loudest sound, so they that have the least wit are the greatest blabbers.
Good parenting means investing in your child's future, which is why I am saving to buy mine a hoverboard someday.
Do your own thinking independently. Be the chess player, not the chess piece.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Dreams don't work unless you do.
Trying is the first step toward failure.
I have a lot of growing up to do. I realized that the other day inside my fort.
Wit is the appearance, the external flash of imagination. Thus its divinity, and the witty character of mysticism.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
A word to the wise ain't necessary, it is the stupid ones who need all the advice.
Pride only helps us to be generous; it never makes us so, any more than vanity makes us witty.
I walk around like everything's fine, but deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off.
Someone asked me, if I were stranded on a desert island what book would I bring: 'How to Build a Boat.'
I'm not insane. My mother had me tested.
Eggs are fantastic for a fitness diet. If you don't like the taste, just add cocoa, flour, sugar, butter, baking powder and cook at 350 for 30 minutes.
Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it.
You can't experience simple joys when you're living life with your hair on fire.
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
Humor is the truth; wit is an exaggeration of the truth.
There is one word that describes people that don't like me: Irrelevant.
Do you know why the number two hundred is so vitally descriptive to both you and me? It's your weight and my I.Q.
If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.
Breaking up is like knocking over a Coke machine. You can't do it in one push; you got to rock it back and forth a few times, and then it goes over.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Pretending to care what men think is an art. It takes moments to learn, but lifetimes to master. I'd like to believe I'm an expert.
Instead of the mahi mahi, may I just get the one mahi because I'm not that hungry?
The truth can be funny but it's not funny to cover up the truth.
Some people die at twenty-five and aren't buried until they are seventy-five.
Here's some advice: At a job interview, tell them you're willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician.
Happiness is having a large, caring, close-knit family in another city.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.
We tend to get what we expect.
Insomnia sharpens your math skills because you spend all night calculating how much sleep you'll get if you're able to 'fall asleep right now.'
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid.
You can always tell when a man is well informed. His views are pretty much like your own.
Next to being witty, the best thing is being able to quote another's wit.
A large nose is the mark of a witty, courteous, affable, generous and liberal man.
Money cannot buy health, but I'd settle for a diamond-studded wheelchair.
Why can't you just be happy for me and then go home and talk behind my back later like a normal person?
Talkers are usually more articulate than doers, since talk is their specialty.
A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
You know you've reached middle age when you're cautioned to slow down by your doctor, instead of by the police.
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
Why yes, I can carry on a conversation made up entirely of movie quotes.
Fools learn from experience. Wise men learn from the experience of others.
Action will destroy your procrastination.
There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy.
The important thing to remember is not to forget.
I like my money where I can see it: hanging in my closet.
Does it disturb anyone else that 'The Los Angeles Angels' baseball team translates directly to 'The The Angels Angels'?
A good rule to remember for life is that when it comes to plastic surgery and sushi, never be attracted by a bargain.
Don't worry about people stealing an idea. If it's original, you will have to ram it down their throats.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Never do anything out of hunger. Not even eating.
Doing nothing is very hard to do. You never know when you're finished.
It is safer to beg than to take, but it is finer to take than to beg.
My perfect beautiful miracle baby? Never slept. Ever. Never. Twelve years later the memories of those nights, of that sleep deprivation, still make me rock back and forth a little bit. You want to torture someone? Hand them an adorable baby they love who doesn't sleep.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
To improve is to change. To be perfect is to change often.
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
There's nothing wrong with you that an expensive operation can't prolong.
Witty inspirations are the proverbs of the educated.
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence.
I saw a study that said speaking in front of a crowd is considered the number one fear of the average person. Number two was death. This means to the average person, if you have to be at a funeral, you would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy.
Nothing uses up alcohol faster than political argument.
Marriage is a romance in which the heroine dies in the first chapter.
Truth hurts. Maybe not as much as jumping on a bicycle with a seat missing, but it hurts.
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.
A person with a sharp tongue will eventually cut themselves.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far I've finished two bags of M&Ms and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.
Leave something for someone but don't leave someone for something.
My mother always used to say: The older you get, the better you get, unless you're a banana.
That's why New York is so great, though. Everyone you care about can despise you and you can still find a bagel so good, nothing else matters.
The only thing that separates us from the animals is our ability to accessorize.
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.
The problem with a life spent reading is you know too much.
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours.
I can't end my messages with Love, Shaq because the B-52s ruined that for me.
One cannot be always laughing at a man without now and then stumbling on something witty.
A true friend overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
You should praise, criticize and flirt with people right to their face, only then it will make a difference.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?
Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Responsible, who wants to be responsible? Whenever something bad happens, it's always, who's responsible for this?
The whole purpose of places like Starbucks is for people with no decision-making ability whatsoever to make six decisions just to buy one cup of coffee. Short, tall, light, dark, caf, decaf, low-fat, non-fat. So people who don't know what they're doing, or who on earth they are can, for only $2.95, get not just a cup of coffee but an absolutely defining sense of self.
Every habit makes our hand more witty, and our wit more handy.
An intellectual solves a problem. A genius avoids it.
A person is wise if he listens to millions of advice and doesn't implement any of it.
I don't have to take this abuse from you; I've got hundreds of people dying to abuse me.
If you are not yelling at your kids, you are not spending enough time with them.
There are only three ages for women in Hollywood: babe, district attorney and Driving Miss Daisy.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow just as well.
If we're going to pay this much for crab, it better sing and dance and introduce us to the Little Mermaid.
We are all born crazy. Some of us remain that way.
If time is money and you wasted my time, then give me back my money!
Wit is the lowest form of humor.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence in society.
I'm one stomach flu away from my goal weight.
Wise are my ways witty my actions
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
The advantage of growing up with siblings is that you become very good at fractions.
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.
From the ages of eight to 18, me and my family moved around a lot. Mostly we would just stretch, but occasionally one of us would actually get up to go to the fridge.
You cannot be anything if you want to be everything.
We don't grow old. When we cease to grow, we become old.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.
Being a mom means never buying the right amount of produce. Either everyone suddenly loves grapes and a week's worth are eaten in one afternoon, or fruit flies are congregating around my rotting bananas.
You can pretend to be serious; but you can't pretend to be witty.
Woke up today. It was terrible.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
What they could do to make it easier is combine the two, real estate and obituaries: Mr. Klein died today leaving a wife, two children, and a spacious three-bedroom apartment with a wood-burning fireplace.
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
I'd like to have a kid, but I'm not sure I'm ready to spend 10 years of my life constantly asking someone where his shoes are.
I prefer not to think before speaking. I like being as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.
Ned, I would love to stand here and talk with you—but I'm not going to.
I love airports because the rules of society don't apply. Eat a pizza and have a glass of wine at 7 am while in track pants. Nobody cares.
My mistakes are usually so enjoyable that I tend to repeat them.
This is the fast lane, folks…and some of us like it here.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
People who can't be witty exert themselves to be devout and affectionate.
The key to faking out the parents is the clammy hands. It's a good non-specific symptom; I'm a big believer in it. A lot of people will tell you that a good phony fever is a dead lock, but you get a nervous mother, you could wind up in a doctor's office. That's worse than school. You fake a stomach cramp, and when you're bent over, moaning and wailing, you lick your palms. It's a little childish and stupid, but then, so is high school.
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
I would have written a shorter letter, but I did not have the time.
Playing it safe is the riskiest choice we can ever make.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Everyone has a sense of humor. If you don't laugh at jokes, you probably laugh at opinions.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here. This is the war room.
That and the music was blaring. So loud that the radio station asked if they could keep it down as they cared about the safety of their listeners.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
A skunk is better company than a person who prides himself on being ‘frank.'
What do you mean, he don't eat no meat? That's okay, that's okay. I make lamb.
A witty saying proves nothing.
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other.
Zombies eat brains, you are safe.
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
If I'm not back in five minutes, just wait longer.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
If you have wit, use it to please and not to hurt: you may shine like the sun in the temperate zones without scorching.
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty beauty is a power.
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them.'
Your wit makes others witty.
You noticed that I wore this outfit twice? Why, the only thing you wear twice is a sour expression.
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food.
If I woke up tomorrow with my head sewn to the carpet, I wouldn't be more surprised.
Have no fear of perfection – you'll never reach it.
If you're too open-minded, your brains will fall out.
Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
I remember it like it was yesterday. Of course, I don't really remember yesterday all that well.